Background:

The hyperreal is an abstracted layer of reality. Hyperreal objects consist of a gestalt of real signifiers and metaphors. Although hyperreality bears tangential relation to baseline reality, it is entirely isolated, and interaction between the two are impossible.

Hyperreal events do not influence reality as such, but mirror abstracted versions of real events. Due to human dominance of the psychic landscape of reality, hyperreal phenomena are usually highly symbolic and sentimental. Another effect of this is that all hyperreal elements possess some degree of consciousness (but not necessarily agency).

Intelligent hyperreal agents (closest thing to "hyperreal people") are known as animals. The total population of animals is in the tens of thousands, and more come into existence as the conceptual sphere expands. Animals tend to be immortal but not omnipotent, and can be destroyed under some circumstances.

The story of New Quadratics takes place during the golden age of New Quadratics, a city-congregation, one of the few currently extant civilizations of animals. Due to the immortality and general self-sufficiency afforded to hyperreal animals, they have little reason to engage in civilization. Despite this, they sometimes gather due to a collective purpose, artistic projects, or desire for interaction. No such congregations are permanent, and many have risen and fallen over the aeons.
The name "New Quadratics" referes to both a group and a location. New Quadratics the location is a very long, linear structure resembling a city built on a bridge.

Vertex Wrecker is a popular martial artist, dancer and poet. Their attitude is brash, elegant and confident. They are the sibling of Sahasrara Vector, a wise animal who resonates with anything whatever. Vertex Wrecker's unique fighting style is half legitimate combat technique, half showy dance routine; moving deliberately and with great flamboyance. In contrast, Sahasrara Vector's movements are far subtler but no less elegant and captivating.
Vertex Wrecker is known for various feats of artistic and martial prowess, and among the greatest of these was their victory in an argument with Drawn-Out Gull Pleasure. The poet was able to navigate the misshape's verbal labyrinth, in their only known semantic defeat. Vertex Wrecker won their hooves following the encounter, gaining their iconic Poet Form. Since their argument, Vertex Wrecker and Drawn-Out Gull Pleasure have been infatuated with each other, the former treating the latter as their muse.

Act 1:

Vertex Wrecker has recently joined New Quadratics, a stark contrast to their usual existence as a ronin performer; impressed by the group's impressive portfolio and drive toward exploration, they were attracted to join. The group's current main project is to assist another group with a massive project. The name of both the group and the project is Objective Horizon. The project involves several prolific masters, and is currently the largest project in the known universe.
Unusually, long-term semantic lockdowns are in place between the sectors of Objective Horizon, preventing most from learning the details of the project's implementation.

Objective Horizon employs many workmachines and logistical engines, including Crack Skaters and Internal Pressure Glaiviers.

It turns out that Objective Horizon includes the static animal, Long Life the Stone. Their body has been incorporated into and comprises a significant part of the project's superstructure, and New Horizons now buckles with its age. Outraged by the sequestration of this powerful entity, Vertex Wrecker destroys Long Life the Stone and cuts it a new form. Many of Objective Horizon's semantic quarantines collapse, and Vertex Wrecker's actions spark controversy among New Quadratics and the members of the project. Led by Vertex Wrecker, the group readjusts its goals, and the splinter group Inner Gravity is formed to continue working on Objective Horizon.

Act 2:

Destroying Long Life the Stone gave Vertex Wrecker a glimpse of the gestalt nature of the project, and a clue that another well-known animal was involved in its superstructure.

It is discovered that a machine of great evisceration, Bladed Carriage, was also incorporated into Objective Horizon, suggesting that the project will represent an amplified version of the machine. The consuls of New Quadratics decide that the danger posed by Bladed Carriage outweighs the inherent value of Objective Horizon, and move to dismantle the project. The machine is impossible to confront directly, so New Quadratics attempts to stage a coup against the decentralised leadership of Objective Horizon.

The smaller factions contracted to work on Objective Horizon are dissuaded or disbanded one by one. Vertex Wrecker meets the members of Inaccessible Sun, Four Green Tyres, and Yocto Screws.

Eventually, New Quadratics comes up against Inner Gravity, who are simultaneously attempting to gain control of Bladed Carriage. Inner Gravity wants to complete Objective Horizon under the unified leadership of their consul, Triagonal Entity, believing this will fulfil New Quadratics' original purpose and allow their story to conclude. Inner Gravity politically outmanoeuvres New Quadratics and completes Objective Horizon. With its newfound power, Triagonal Entity becomes the novel threat animal Impossible Triangle.